***Jaeger deployment strategies***:

There are three pre-defined Jaeger deployment strategies that are supported by the Jaeger Operator. A deployment strategy dictates how the Jaeger components should be deployed on OpenShift.The Jaeger Operator currently supports the following deployment strategies:

***allInOne (Default)*** - This strategy is intended for development, testing, and demo purposes. The main backend components, Agent, Collector and Query service, are all packaged into a single executable which is configured (by default) to use in-memory storage.
In-memory storage is not persistent, which means that if the Jaeger instance shuts down, restarts, or is replaced, that your trace data will be lost. And in-memory storage cannot be scaled, since each pod has its own memory. For persistent storage, you must use the production or streaming strategies, which use Elasticsearch as the default storage.

***production*** - The production strategy is intended for production environments, where long term storage of trace data is important, as well as a more scalable and highly available architecture is required. Each of the backend components is therefore deployed separately. The Agent can be injected as a sidecar on the instrumented application or as a daemonset. The Query and Collector services are configured with a supported storage type - currently Elasticsearch. Multiple instances of each of these components can be provisioned as required for performance and resilience purposes.

***streaming*** - The streaming strategy is designed to augment the production strategy by providing a streaming capability that effectively sits between the Collector and the backend storage (Elasticsearch). This provides the benefit of reducing the pressure on the backend storage, under high load situations, and enables other trace post-processing capabilities to tap into the real time span data directly from the streaming platform (AMQ Streams/ Kafka).